Fix unique value selector (#272)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/silent-plums-begin.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": patch
---

> Fix issue where UniquePropertyValueSelector selects all values when only one of the values is selected.

Reviewer: `UniquePropertyValueSelector` is an internal component that consumers will know nothing about. Let's just name it "value selector".

```suggestion
Fix property value selector showing all values as selected when only one of the values is actually selected.
```
